From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 60 recorded
live Thursday, March 31st, 2011. Support for
Hanselman. This is provided by
a teller at rad controls.
The most comprehensive suite of
components for windows forums and
asp.net web applications. Online app
www.telerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Jonathan Carter about optimizing
API APIs. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hanselminutes today. I'm
talking to Jonathan Carter. How's it
going? JC. It's going great,
Scott. Thanks for having me.
My pleasure. It's always always
fun to hang out with
you. Jonathan has worked with
me on a whole pile
of presentations. We've presented together
all over the place, all
over the world and we've
put demos together and we've
panicked about presentations going well.
We've had lots of fun.
Yeah, Yeah. Panicking is what
I do best. Yeah. And
we've been working on some
stuff for the, for the
keynote at mix. And when
we, when we're building keynote
demos, there is inevitably additional
supporting stuff. That's not the
point of the keynote. It's
just kind of like supporting
code or, you know, help
her functions that will make
the presentation go a little
bit better. And one of
the things that that Jonathan
was working on was a
kind of a clean, lightweight
way to make an RSS
feed. And he's kind of,
you know, kind of exploring
this, this space. There's lots
of different ways to do
an RSS feed for an
application for whether it be
for a demo or for
real life. You could potentially
just make an, a view
in your MVC page or
maybe your raise your page
that looks like RSS and
put a four loop in
there. And then you just
have to decide what fields
you want to output. But
that typically breaks down when
you start getting into more
complicated feeds things like, like
media data and iTunes extensions
to RSS, and then Adam,
another way to do it
would be to do things
in the code behind and
use all of the syndication
feed stuff that's built into
the diamond framework. There's actually
a whole series of classes
that are built into the
diamond framework. But Jonathan, for
this little bit of supporting
code to make an RSS
feed, you did something kind
of different than I, I
didn't expect explain what you
did and why it's a
little different. I've spent a
lot in the year of
my life Working kind of
in the web API and
web services space. So typically
when I think of functionality
or behavior, I like to
think of it as this
service that your application can
just take advantage of instead
of having to, you know,
have too much code spit
or, or assets within your
application that you have to
manage yourself. And so as,
as you mentioned, when we
started thinking about like, Hey,
how could you have a
cool new good package for
getting RSS and Adam into
your application on top of
some arbitrary data? You know,
I started trying to think
about how to leverage new
features within asp.net, as well
as language features within the
C-sharp that I could take
advantage of to make that
kind of an intuitive hopefully,
and then expressive. And so
one of the great things
is because of the fact
that asp.net routing is very
easy to use and very
pluggable, you know, I started
thinking to myself, okay, well
really, you know, if you
want an RSS feed and
Adam feed, instead of having
just static files in your
page, that include the, the
markup for, for doing those
syndication feeds. Why not just
have routes that can be,
that can respond to users,
requests for the data. And
then, and then you don't
have to have that code
in your actual app, but
then the problem is, is,
well, how do you configure
that? How does the routes
know what data's actually serve
and so forth and so
on? So I started taking
a look at, and I've
been really inspired by some
of the web helpers that
the asp.net team has been
doing, like web grid and
web security and so forth,
where they kind of favor
this model of doing a
bit of light initialization, maybe
on pre-AP start and then
having, you know, methods that
favor long kind of parameter
signatures with a lot of
optionals. And, and, but you
can be very expressive and
very flexible as much as
you want. And so I
thought, wouldn't it be great
if you could, within an
application, pull down a new,
get package and have one
line of code that specifies
your title, your description of
your feed, and then a
Lambda to specify where your
data comes from and then
a Lambda to map your
data, whatever the type is
to a model that is
used to express how a
feed looks in a, an
NRSS or Adam syndication seed
that way it's pretty lightweight,
but also pretty flexible if
you really need it to
be. And, and it's worked
out so far and hopefully
people like it. Yeah. It's,
it's, it's really interesting. It
sounds, of course, it's always
funny to talk about code
on a podcast, but it's
interesting to look at this
particular chunk of code and
we'll, we'll certainly we'll put
this up, you're going to
release it on new get,
and you'll blog about it
as well. Listeners will go
check it out. But I
think what's interesting is that
if you think about the
what's involved in making an
RSS feed, it's deceptively simple,
but it gets really complex,
really fast. And you've got
the, like you said, the
hooking up of the routes,
where is the URL going
to be? Where's the data
going to come from? How
is the data going to
change? Because there's a transformation.
Typically what you've got in
your database or your database
context is not going to
look anything like RSS. So
you want to be able
to pick and choose from
fields. You want to say,
I want this field, I
want that field, et cetera,
and possibly do a small
transformation while you're doing it,
maybe to uppercase or lowercase
or snipping something off or
something. So there's, there's the,
where's it coming from? There's
the transformation. And then new
get brings in the, the
drop inability. It's not quite
a component story, but the
idea that the user has
re has gotten your code
very quickly, but they want
to get results very quickly
too. So you're almost kind
of designing your API for
the assumption that this has
been dropped in, and they're
going to look at it.
They want to change a
few things and then run.
Totally it's it's funny. Cause
I was just having a
conversation with a colleague the
other day and, you know,
in the handful of libraries
that I'm working on right
now, the, the syndication feed
being one of them, I'm
definitely very explicit about new
get being that distribution model,
which does modify kind of
the way you think about
designing the API and giving
you additional tools kind of,
so to speak, to think
about how to, you know,
get that extra line of
code out of there or
make it that much more
simpler for the consumer is
pretty nice, you know, because
certainly I'm a freak when
it comes to simplicity when
designing API APIs. And you're
always trying to achieve that
Holy grail of one line
of code, but, but yeah,
definitely a new get really
does help a lot to
make it simpler for folks.
Some of these new API
APIs though, that have come
out in the, in the
C-sharp and VP space lately
looks so foreign. I've heard
a lot of people feel
that they, they there's a,
there's a saying that someone
moved my cheese, you know,
you look at it, you
look at an API like
the web grid that you
use in razor and you
say, wow, that just doesn't
look like anything I've ever
seen. And what's ironic is
that people are saying that
it doesn't look like what
they're used to, but what
they're used to is a
constructor that takes like seven
strings. So they'll, you know,
they'll say my new something,
string chemistry and chemistry and
come up and come straight
and come and strength, you
know, and then a new
style of, of, of a
development. And I don't know
if this is a style
yet. I think that's what
we're exploring with something like
web grid you're using named
parameters. So you might have
a dozen or more parameters,
but many of them have
appropriate. So with web grid,
you might say something like
VAR grid equals new web
grid, and then your parameters
would have things like can
short colon, false comma rows
per page, colon 10. And
that, that makes for a
very interesting looking, looking API
when you're using name parameters,
but then things get crazy
when you start chaining kind
of jQuery style and you
say dot bind. So you've
really got two lines of
codes, suddenly all on one
line. And then inevitably people
break that up on multiple
lines. So you could end
up with a lot of
code and a lot of
moving parts in effectively, one
line of code, where is
that coming from? Why are
we changing things? Is it
jQuery that's causing us to
change things together? Or is
it the introduction of Lambdas
and, and in C sharp,
You know, it's interesting that
you say that because I
mean, I obviously can't speak
on any authority, but I
think that J crew might
be very responsible for that.
Cause you know, method chaining
as a pattern has been
around for a long time,
but yeah, it never really
became commonplace that I know
certainly in API is until
jQuery really embraced that idea
of, you know, let's get
as much functionality on quote
unquote, one line of code
as possible, which I think
is awesome. And personally isn't
an intuitive style for myself,
but yeah, you do struggle
certainly when you're designing your
own API to, to kind
of assume or hope that
folks consuming your, your library
find the same kind of
style to be intuitive, which
is where things get a
bit problematic. Cause yeah, you
do have to choose between,
do you want to be
opinionated or do you want
to be very flexible? But
I definitely do think as
I mentioned, because of the
fact that, you know, jQuery
is extremely popular and taken
off, I have to believe
that people are getting adapted
to that message chaining kind
of a flowing of, of,
of a method calls style.
They're getting pretty familiar with
this too, where API designers
can start taking advantage of
it and feeling confident that
they're not gonna add an
additional concept count to their
users that that causes it
to be unwieldy to you.
Isn't there a barrier kind
of a barrier to entry
healing as the more fluent
and the more chain your
make your API, aren't you
cutting down the number of
people that are either going
to be able to understand
it or be willing to,
to understand it. I mean,
I've seen some pretty crazy
fluent API APIs that say
things like, you know, my
object.is.something.you know, it's like, well
really are we, are we
seriously going in that direction?
We're going to build sentences
and that okay, because no
one will decide, no one
can decide like what is
the, his object? Maybe this
is just me being old
and an old crusty guy
with a beard. But how,
you know, how far do
you take something like this?
Yeah, no, I definitely agree.
And I think a lot
of folks that have strong
opinions around fluent interfaces agree
that you don't want to
try to be creating an
English language. If you do
that kind of API, you
know, there's definitely a nice
flow that you can create
in the chain of methods.
But yeah, when you get
to the point where you're
doing methods called is, or
do you know, you're, you're
almost getting a little bit,
way too far on the
deep end. And I personally
don't like that style. Another
thing that I, that I've
always been kind of been
a fan of is, you
know, the notion of a
fluent interface, really being kind
of like a UI on
top of an API. And
so, you know, a lot
of, a lot of times
I've seen where, you know,
folks optimize for the fluent
interface and that is really
the only kind of way
to interact with, with a
library. And that's great if
you happen to subscribe to
the same style or thinking
that that inner, that fluid
interface was designed in, but
if you don't, then you're
kind of, you know, a
little bit out of luck
and that there is no
way to fall back to
a more general purpose kind
of simpler way to interface
with the library. Whereas a
lot of folks and kind
of a pattern that I
personally like is where you
have an underlying kind of
quote unquote canonical interface that
is uses kind of traditional
familiar patterns, you know, tries
to use as little generics
as possible. Doesn't go Lambda
crazy, doesn't require message chaining
and very cryptic, you know,
patterns that they're getting more
and more common. And then
on top of that, you
layer, you know, you're more
kind of ambitious or, or
radical things like you just
have Lambdas everywhere and generics
out the wazoo. Maybe you're
using Jeanette some dynamics stuff.
And to me that feels
really good. And once again,
going back to the web
API metaphor, you know, I
almost kind of look at
your library, the core library
as an API, and then
in the same way that,
you know, different users of
Twitter, like different experiences on
top of that service, a
fluent interface is really just
another way to create a
different experience of that underlying
library. Some people are gonna
like it, some people aren't.
And so that's why I,
you know, I, I like
to say that you should
be as ambitious as you
want because yeah, that, that,
that interface or that programming
model that allows me to
be very expressive with my
Lambdas and, and do all
kinds of stuff like name
parameters, and give me tons
of, and let me do
chaining. And for me, that's
great, but for someone else
that's not going to be.
And so kind of having
that flexibility and giving people
options, I think is definitely
a pretty nice pattern to
go with. Hi, this is
Scott coming to you from
another place in time. Are
you using agile practices to
manage your software development? There's
lots of tools in the
market that manage the steps
of a project, but most
of them focus on individual
roles, get ready for a
solution that caters for the
success of the whole team
guys at Tellerik introduced team
pulse. It's an agile project
management tool. That'll help you
gather ideas, estimate plan, track
progress in a common workspace.
Finally companies, regardless of their
size can use a lightweight
and convenient tool. It makes
all the stakeholders work as
a United team, even if
they're in different countries by
combining intuitive user interface and
the power server light team
poles removes the roadblocks that
you typically face and applying
agile in an effective manner,
no more lost data, no
disparate systems, no lack of
critical analytics regarding the health
and philosophy project. See if
yourself, you get a free
copy for five users in
one project at tellerik.com/team pulse.
And please do thank Tellerik
for supporting Hansel minutes on
their Facebook fan page, facebook.com/t
L E R I K
Keller. We do appreciate it.
There wouldn't be a Hansel
minutes if there wasn't, Tellerik
helping us. I like that.
I think that that really
resonated with me that you
said that it was a
kind of a UI. I
mean, it's, it's like, it's
like the API might be
the command line and the
fluent API might be the
gooey. And you want to
give the person the flexibility
to do both, and you
may not have complete fidelity
in the UI. There may
be stuff you need to
drop down to, but like,
for example, I'm looking at
some code right now that
we'll pull, we'll include a
link on the show notes
where we register a data
feed. And we basically say
all of my, all of
my data is here and
here's how it maps. And
here's some additional fields and
it's like 23 lines of
code 24 lines of code.
It's actually one line it's
like data feeds dot register.
And then there's 24 lines
of very nice, nicely cleanly
indented code. And then this,
and I could this as
it is be done, not
in one line. Could I,
I mean, have you designed
this that same way where
there's the flow API and
then there's the underlying stuff?
Yeah, so, I mean, it
could definitely probably be much
better, but there is an
overload of the function that
it doesn't use generics. And
also doesn't enforce Lambdas within
the kind of the same
context as the method call.
So you can pass the
kind of all encompassing feeds
settings or aggregate object that
contains all of your settings.
And, you know, that allows
people that if they want
to feel like they're being
a little bit more imperative
or pulling values from some
external data source and they
want to do it that
way, they can, Some of
the things that the people
who are listening may or
may not be familiar with.
Cause you know, everyone has
a different level of, of,
of code and ability and
a familiarity with the system
that, that varies. But you've
got some, some IEnumerable of
T right, which means that
you're going to spin over
something or spin through some
data, but then you've got
some funk F U N
C. So for example, one
of the, one of the
parameters that you take in,
you've got a funk, that's
a generic of context and
I innumerable of some entity.
So at some point there
are programmers that will struggle
with that level of, of
genericness or indirection. Can you
talk about what a funk
is and how and why
you would need a funk
of T context of IEnumerable
of TNT and why that's
so powerful and why it's
something that folks should learn?
Yeah, yeah. So long time
ago, back in the.net, one,
one, one days, and two
days, I forget exactly the
version of the.net framework that
funk and action were introduced
in, but no people at
some point would want to
introduce, like you said, indirection
such that a function would
take a delegate and the
delegate just being either a
point or two, another method,
or kind of a, an
aggregation of code that you
can pass to another function
to execute such that it
can allow itself to be
kind of a bit dynamic
of what it does. And,
and the problem was is
delegates. People were creating one
for everything. So he would
say, okay, I need a,
a message signature that takes
an integer and returns a
bullion, or takes two bullions
and returns a string. And
so you ended up having
this explosion of delegates that
people were creating. And so
one, one funk and also
action were introduced. It was
effectively saying, Hey, we realize
that people are using this
pattern a lot where they
need to delegate that either
just takes a series of
parameters and returns, nothing, which
is where action is used
and action assist to delegate
that that allows you to
specify different what types of
parameters the function will take
and that it doesn't return
anything. And then funk is,
is a delegate that is
generic and allows you to
specify, I take these number
of parameters of this type,
and then I return this
type of parameter. And so
in the case of the,
the kind of syndication feed
registration method, you just mentioned
where you have a parameter
that's of type funk context,
comma. IEnumerable what that saying
is, is that that represents
a method or a block
of executable code such as
Atlanta, that will take a
context, parameter, whatever that might
be. And that's a generic
type that we were talking
about, and then it will
return an I a new
rule. So this, this block
of code, or this method
is responsible for responding with
a list of data that
it can optionally retrieve from
this context type that is
being given. And it definitely
is a little bit hard
to get to know. I
know a lot of times,
you know, when I, for
the last few years, really
certainly at Microsoft, whenever we
would, you know, try to
produce simple API APIs or,
or guidance for folks, we
were always very weary of
using generics. Not because we
didn't think people could understand
it, but just you wanted
things to be as simple
as possible. And, and generics
is of course, another concept
thing that you need to
grasp and understand. And so
when you kind of add
on top of that generic
delegates and then Lambda expressions,
yeah. Things can get a
little bit hairy quickly, but
you know, I'm hoping to
take the stance of being
a bit opinionated and, you
know, thinking that people will
like the expression expressiveness that
you can have with those
type of concepts and then
language features and will hopefully
embrace them. But if they
don't then, you know, make
sure to provide them with
a more simpler version of
the API as well. Yeah.
There's, there's definitely a, a
level that one could take
it and designing an API
like this. That would be
almost too much. It would
just, it would be kind
of, if one could call
an API obnoxious one could
go too far. , it's
just like really come on.
But at the same time
with, with something like this,
where you're basically, you, you
need to pass a chunk
of functionality, you know, into
your, into your API and
kind of in the old
days you would say, well,
I'll take something of a
certain interface. So you, you
might have said, I'm going
to register and Hey, you
know, that thing that's going
to provide me and my
feeds, all my data. We'll
have an I feed provider
thingy and then you'll go
and you'd make some interface.
And then the idea would
be that the user would
implement that interface. They'd have
to go and make a
custom class, and then they'd
have an eye feed provider,
mapper, object thingy, and then
they'd pass that in. But
the funk, it's like a
generic way of saying, you
give me one of these
and I'll give you one
of those. And then the
provider can, can literally just
be a Lambda. And like
you said, a Lambda is
like a little script block
almost. It's like a C
sharp or Phoebe script block.
It says, here's the little
bit of mapping or here's
a little bit of work
I want you to do.
And, and it, it, I
think, and I I've had
this conversation with prob Connery.
I think it makes dotnet
more fun and feel more,
feel more dynamic. I think
it's funny that, that a
Ruby guys and, you know,
they take all this stuff
for granted. Cause they're, they're
throwing these kinds of constructs
around all the time. I
think that a.net programmers, we,
we kind of need to
raise our game. Don't you
think we need to start
familiarizing our stuff with this?
Yeah, it's funny because like,
I, you know, obviously I'm,
as people are starting to
notice, JavaScript is just exploding
and you know, now with
no JS and it's, you
know, people are wanting to
use it on the server
and the client, but, and
I love JavaScript as much
as everyone else. Cause it's
a very expressive language, but,
but yeah, in many cases,
C sharp Lambdas can actually
be much more expressive and,
and compact than what you
could even do with anonymous
functions in JavaScript. So yeah,
like you say, when I,
when I write or use
an API, that's kind of
Lambda, I don't want to
say Lambda to heavy and
that it's just completely over
the top and unnecessary, but
it makes use of Lambdas
where applicable it does feel
very fun. Cause it's kinda
like scripting or man, you're
just, it feels like it's
fluid as you're writing the
code. You're kind of from
one parameter to the next.
Certainly if you have, you
know, a method call or
an object where Lambdas can
interact with each other, which
can get a bit weird,
but once you grasp that
concept, it does start to
feel very dynamic and very
fluid and it can make
it more joyous. You know,
if that, even it doesn't
sound ridiculous to use the
API or even to write
it. No, it doesn't. It's
funny that you say that,
you know, Rob and I
have been talking about this
and I've been, this has
kind of been a little
mini crusade of mine internally
about if we, we always,
we at Microsoft are always
focused on product program or
productivity. And if we would
spend more time focusing on
program or joy program or
productivity would fall out of
that. I mean, we, me
and Rob, I keep bringing
up Rob, because I think
of Rob Connery as being
someone who is very joy,
joy focused, right? Here's a
guy who lives in, in
Hawaii here. He could live
anywhere. He lives in Hawaii
because he is optimizing for
surfing. And he, he and
I did a show a
couple of months, a month
or two ago on, on
web matrix. And we kind
of proposed the idea that
web matrix wasn't necessarily for
who the marketing people said
it was for, right. The
marketing people say that it's
for like these, these, these,
they call them the breadth
developer, right? It's the, it's
the young kids in the
hobbyists. And we, we proposed
that. It's probably also for
the crusty old programmer who
wants to optimize for fun.
And we went and we
wrote the, this developer's life
website in, in razor and
in web matrix. Cause it
was more fun. And I,
when I started using your,
your data feeds API and
exploring that, I just said,
well, this is fun. It
gets out of the way.
It's a difficult thing to,
to describe why one API
would have joy and another
one would not, but I
don't know, it's a break
from the TDM to get
so much done. And so
few lines of code. And
I think that the dotnet
community, the open source community
and Microsoft themselves really need
to take a cue from
the Ruby folks and from
the Python folks and from
some of the academics that
are really looking for expressiveness
in their, in their language
design. And again, productivity almost
doesn't need to be optimized
for as much anymore. Yeah.
Yeah. I definitely agree on
the productivity point. I remember,
you know, one of the
things that really was a
stark reality to me was
seeing how successful iPhone development
and Facebook development was one
for the longest time the
Facebook platform was the documentation
was horrible and it was
a very crusty API and
very much the same way
with iPhone development. But the
thing was is that those
two platforms had a great
ecosystem that was very fun
to develop and very satisfying.
And so, yeah, I, I
kind of realized that productivity
should not be the first
kind of the highest order
bit in that, that kind
of scenario. You definitely want
to, if you can do
it great. But it's funny
that you mentioned the thing
about web matrix. Cause I
actually, I've been working on
another project that's called mercury
and when I first started
it, it was going to
have some web components to
it. And I originally was
going to use MVC just
cause that's what I've been
using for years. But I,
I kinda decided that I
wanted to give asp.net web
pages a try and, you
know, I liked razor in
the context of NBC, but
I also, you know, used
to work in a PHP
shop before kind of embracing
the.net world. And I wanted
to see what it felt
like to get back to
inline pages and, you know,
keeping things very simple and
not feeling like I have
to architect an entire pipeline
for every form and I've
actually been loving it. And
so I totally agree that
it's interesting that web matrix
and ASP on a webpage,
this has been targeted towards
kind of the breads hobbyist
when I'm using visual studio
2010 ultimate and doing quote
unquote pro development. And I
find it to be a
great experience and, and there's
so much in the webpages
runtime, even that is, that
is really awesome. So like
being able to use what
they call application parts and,
and being able to extend
the administrative portal, you know,
which opens up a whole
new option of scenarios for
developers, where if you want
your new package to have
a visual aspect to it
or configuration, you know, why
not extend the webpages admin
portal and bootstrap that in
your application and just all
these new and interesting ways
to think about as well
as a library or API
designer. Yeah. How can you
take advantage of the most
simplest and the quote unquote
funnest environment and options for
your and users and it's,
you know, always a challenge
and a constant struggle to
find that, but, but there
is definitely some aesthetic. It's
almost like, you know, all
these designers and with mics
coming up, you know, people
that spend hours and hours
and hours thinking about the
psychology of color and button
placement to create the most
possible and best user experience,
you know, it's almost like
as designers, creators and open
source developers and so forth,
we should be doing UX
for our client base as
well. But instead of being
end-users it's other developers, you
know, cause how do you,
how do you admit that
psychological factor that people use
your product and just like,
I love it. You know,
how do you determine the
aesthetics of what good is
fun is in the context
of code. And it's really
hard to do other than
observing people and giving things
a try, you know, we're
but not being too radical,
you know, you don't want
to start making API APIs.
We're only like two people
in the world could ever
consume it and they think
it's fun purely because they're
megalomaniacs, you know, you want
it to be fun for
forever or at least for,
for most people. So, so
yeah, API design, definitely an
amazing, an interesting space, both
from the kind of web
API at the internet web
scale. And then also within
libraries too, just cause trying
to make assumptions about how
people work that you can
only assume is how they
work. And so it's kind
of satisfying as an API
designer to be proven that
it's right. You know, I
was watching this Ted session
and this is a total
tangent, but I love Ted
sessions and I'm sure you
do too Scott, but, but
there was a woman was
talking about spoken poetry and
how, you know, it's scary
to get into, but when
you get out on stage
and you speak the truth
and you speak yourself and
somebody in the audience clicks
with you because they feel
exactly the same way, it
makes it so worth it.
And it doesn't make it
scary anymore. And it's kind
of a weird analogy, but
I totally feel like, you
know, putting yourself out there
and creating an open source
project is very much the
same way where it can
be very scary. And you're,
you're not sure if the
decisions you're making as far
as the API design is,
is the best one possible,
but you take a chance
and there's gonna be people
that click with that. And
that's a pretty cool, pretty
cool experience to see somebody
come back and be like,
Oh man, this works so
great. I spun up something
within two hours and went
home, feeling like a hero,
you know, versus, you know,
creating software that is only
meant for the largest enterprise
and takes seven Oracle engineers
and nine months to get
working, you know? Sure. That
could be successful, but nobody,
nobody wants to do that.
So, so yeah, it's interesting.
And you know, for any
folks that are hesitant or,
you know, not, not kind
of getting on board with
trying to put themselves out
there and do open source
software and share their ideas,
you know, I would always
encourage people to do it
just because it is, it
gives you a level of
satisfaction that you can't otherwise
get. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. I
like the idea that we
spent so much time having,
you know, design committee meetings
and bringing people in and
asking them how this color
makes them feel or that
pixel makes them feel it's
okay to have the same
kind of an experience with
an API. And, and, and
to say, you know, I
don't know why this feels
better. I don't know why
this is a better API,
but I know it when
I see it. And this
API makes me happier over
that API and I will
have more fun writing my
code this way, then that
code. So I really like
the idea of having not
just design reviews for frameworks
and saying, does this, is
this correct? Or does this
follow our rules, but will
people have more fun doing
it? I definitely appreciate that.
Thanks for chatting with me
today, Jonathan. I appreciate it.
Yeah, they blocked up, this
has been another episode of
Hansel minutes and I'll give
you links to Jonathan's blog
and you can follow him
at last in tangent on
Twitter. See you next week.